when Abram was 99 years old
when Abram was 99 years old the Lord appeared to Abram I am Almighty
the Lord appeared to Abram I am Almighty
the Lord appeared to Abram I am Almighty God walk before me and be blameless and
God walk before me and be blameless and
God walk before me and be blameless and I will make my covenant between me and
I will make my covenant between me and
I will make my covenant between me and you and will multiply you exceedingly
you and will multiply you exceedingly
you and will multiply you exceedingly then Abram fell on his face and God
then Abram fell on his face and God
then Abram fell on his face and God talked with him as for me behold my
talked with him as for me behold my
talked with him as for me behold my covenant is with you and you shall be a
covenant is with you and you shall be a
covenant is with you and you shall be a father of many nations no longer shall
father of many nations no longer shall
father of many nations no longer shall your name be called Abram but your name
your name be called Abram but your name
your name be called Abram but your name shall be Abraham for I have made you a
shall be Abraham for I have made you a
shall be Abraham for I have made you a father of many nations
father of many nations
father of many nations I will make you exceedingly fruitful and
I will make you exceedingly fruitful and
I will make you exceedingly fruitful and I will make nations of you and Kings
I will make nations of you and Kings
I will make nations of you and Kings shall come from and I will establish my
shall come from and I will establish my
shall come from and I will establish my covenant between me and you and your
covenant between me and you and your
covenant between me and you and your descendants after you in their
descendants after you in their
descendants after you in their generations for an everlasting covenant
generations for an everlasting covenant
generations for an everlasting covenant to be God to you and your descendants
to be God to you and your descendants
to be God to you and your descendants after you also I give to you and your
after you also I give to you and your
after you also I give to you and your descendants after you the land in which
descendants after you the land in which
descendants after you the land in which you are a stranger all the land of
you are a stranger all the land of
you are a stranger all the land of Canaan as an everlasting possession and
Canaan as an everlasting possession and
Canaan as an everlasting possession and I will be their God as for you
I will be their God as for you
I will be their God as for you you shall keep my covenant you and your
you shall keep my covenant you and your
you shall keep my covenant you and your descendants after you throughout their
descendants after you throughout their
descendants after you throughout their generations this is my covenant which
generations this is my covenant which
generations this is my covenant which you shall keep between me and you and
you shall keep between me and you and
you shall keep between me and you and your descendants after you every male
your descendants after you every male
your descendants after you every male child among you shall be circumcised and
child among you shall be circumcised and
child among you shall be circumcised and you shall be circumcised in the flesh of
you shall be circumcised in the flesh of
you shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskins and it shall be a sign of
your foreskins and it shall be a sign of
your foreskins and it shall be a sign of the Covenant between me and you he who
the Covenant between me and you he who
the Covenant between me and you he who is eight days old among you shall be
is eight days old among you shall be
is eight days old among you shall be circumcised every male child in your
circumcised every male child in your
circumcised every male child in your generations he who is born in your house
generations he who is born in your house
generations he who is born in your house or bought with money from any foreigner
or bought with money from any foreigner
or bought with money from any foreigner who is not your descendant he who is
who is not your descendant he who is
who is not your descendant he who is born in your house and he who is bought
born in your house and he who is bought
born in your house and he who is bought with your money must be circumcised and
with your money must be circumcised and
with your money must be circumcised and my covenant shall be in your flesh for
my covenant shall be in your flesh for
my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting government and the
an everlasting government and the
an everlasting government and the uncircumcised male child who is not
uncircumcised male child who is not
uncircumcised male child who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin that person shall be cut off from his
that person shall be cut off from his
that person shall be cut off from his people he has broken my covenant as for
people he has broken my covenant as for
people he has broken my covenant as for Sara your wife you shall not call her
Sara your wife you shall not call her
Sara your wife you shall not call her names
names
names but Sarah shall be honey and I will
but Sarah shall be honey and I will
but Sarah shall be honey and I will bless her and also give you a son by her
bless her and also give you a son by her
bless her and also give you a son by her then I will bless her and she shall be a
then I will bless her and she shall be a
then I will bless her and she shall be a mother of Nations kings of people's
mother of Nations kings of people's
mother of Nations kings of people's shall be from then Abraham fell on his
shall be from then Abraham fell on his
shall be from then Abraham fell on his face and laughed and said in his heart a
child will be born to a man who is 100
child will be born to a man who is 100 years old and shall Sarah who is 90
years old and shall Sarah who is 90
years old and shall Sarah who is 90 years old bear a child and Abraham said
years old bear a child and Abraham said
years old bear a child and Abraham said to God or that Ishmael might live before
to God or that Ishmael might live before
to God or that Ishmael might live before you know Sarah your wife shall bear you
you know Sarah your wife shall bear you
you know Sarah your wife shall bear you a son and you shall call his name Isaac
a son and you shall call his name Isaac
a son and you shall call his name Isaac I will establish my covenant with him
I will establish my covenant with him
I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant and with his
for an everlasting covenant and with his
for an everlasting covenant and with his descendants after him and as for Ishmael
descendants after him and as for Ishmael
descendants after him and as for Ishmael I have heard you behold I have blessed
I have heard you behold I have blessed
I have heard you behold I have blessed him and will make him fruitful and will
him and will make him fruitful and will
him and will make him fruitful and will multiply him exceedingly he shall begin
multiply him exceedingly he shall begin
multiply him exceedingly he shall begin 12 princes and I will make him a great
12 princes and I will make him a great
12 princes and I will make him a great nation but my covenant I will establish
nation but my covenant I will establish
nation but my covenant I will establish with Isaac whom Sarah shall bear to you
with Isaac whom Sarah shall bear to you
with Isaac whom Sarah shall bear to you at this set time next year then he
at this set time next year then he
at this set time next year then he finished talking with him and God went
finished talking with him and God went
finished talking with him and God went up from Abraham
up from Abraham
up from Abraham so Abraham took Ishmael his son all who
so Abraham took Ishmael his son all who
so Abraham took Ishmael his son all who were born in his house and all who were
were born in his house and all who were
were born in his house and all who were bought with his money every male among
bought with his money every male among
bought with his money every male among the men of Abraham's house and
the men of Abraham's house and
the men of Abraham's house and circumcised the flesh of their foreskins
circumcised the flesh of their foreskins
circumcised the flesh of their foreskins that very same day as God had said to
that very same day as God had said to
that very same day as God had said to him Abraham was 99 years old when he was
him Abraham was 99 years old when he was
him Abraham was 99 years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin
circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin and Ishmael his son was 13 years old
and Ishmael his son was 13 years old
and Ishmael his son was 13 years old when he was circumcised dinh the flesh
when he was circumcised dinh the flesh
when he was circumcised dinh the flesh of his foreskin that very same day
of his foreskin that very same day
of his foreskin that very same day Abraham was circumcised and his son
Abraham was circumcised and his son
Abraham was circumcised and his son Ishmael and all the men of his house
Ishmael and all the men of his house
Ishmael and all the men of his house born in the house or bought with money
born in the house or bought with money
born in the house or bought with money from a foreigner were circumsized with
from a foreigner were circumsized with
from a foreigner were circumsized with him
him
him [Music]